Finishing work:

- Model Diagnosis with inheritance. Asthma inherits Diagnosis and is connected to severity (This is a problem,
because with inheritance you know the answer if you refer to a Diagnosis-Asthma vertex. But you don't have to
know if you refer to a DiagnosisName vertex).
- Generate templates to cover as much of the guideline as possible. Need more graphs. Get the templates
  and coverage approved by Job.
- Look at the flow of the questions. If the questions are case based, it needs to fit with the order of the questions.
Fix the bug which crashes the app on the first start up. Is related to Highcharts and webview.
(Updating to the community webview seemed to fix that problem)


---------------------------------------------------
GUI:
Rounder edges of answer key box

Remove buttons which aren't used in the answer key box
Try to fade background (dim) when the answer key box is displayed.
Only show "correct" and "wrong" when a question has been answered. Provide a button to display the
full explanation. The size of the answer key box will have to be adjusted accordingly
Change text on summary button
Change size of summary modal.
Change size of the menu buttons at the front screen
Smaller headline on chart summary
Remove scores on counter component
If answer key is shown (read more is clicked), continue to the next question and update score
Use flex box column to avoid that there is a lot of empty space below the buttons
Can perhaps show "give up" instead of "read more" if you choose to see the answer key
when you have not answered correctly

--------------------------------
Patient:
PatientName
-Age
-Weight

Examination:
Wheeze
Breathing condition
History of Cough
Oxygen saturation
Central cyanosis
Inability to drink
Consciousness
Inability to talk
Pulse-Rate
Respiratory rate
Lower chest wall indrawing

Diagnosis:
DiagnosisName
Severity

Management:

Treatment:

Medication:
Oxygen
Salbutamol
Prednisolone
Antibiotics
Corticosteroid
Ipratopium Bromide

Investigation:
